A Simple Method of Transference for Helpless Animals
by Dzong-ngön Pema Tukchok Dorje

The following is a simple method of practising transference for helpless animals killed for
the sake of food or clothing:
Begin with the preliminaries of taking refuge and generating bodhicitta. Then, blending your
mind with the minds of all the deceased animals, merge your mind with the guru and victorious
ones of the three times, and settle for a long period in meditative equipoise. The Union
of Sun and Moon says:Direct your awareness into your eyes,Instantly, the sky becomes the
path.Space and awareness are unchanging.This person will not enter the bardo—Awakening
will undoubtedly be theirs.Having thus purified into the unborn dharmadhātu all negative actions
and obscurations that the animals have accumulated throughout their lifetimes, perform
the following visualization, while chanting the words of the text melodiously:
ying nyamshyak namkha tabu yi
Arisen from the sky-like equipoise of absolute space,
ngang dé lé langpé jetob tu
During the post-meditation,
nyamchungwé düdro tamché kyi
From energy and mind, the essence of consciousness
namshé kyi ngowo lungsem lé
Of all these helpless animals
lek drubpé gyulü ö kyi ku
Are fashioned illusory forms, bodies of light,
lha tukjé chenpo rerer gyur
Each becoming the deity, Great Compassionate One.
sung pema jö shyin ur dir gyi
With a murmur akin to the expression of lotus speech,
jakhyung gya urdö depa tar
Like a hundred eagles scattered by a slingshot,
pé jöpé nubchok dewachen
They all travel instantly, through the utterance of Phaṭ,
shying chok tu kechik songwar sam
To the supreme western pureland of Sukhāvatī.
p’ét p’ét p’ét
Phaṭ! Phaṭ! Phaṭ!
Then recite many dhāraṇī mantras, as well as texts such as the Confession of Downfalls,1 and
prayers of dedication and aspiration.

Thus, according to the intent of the tantra collection and especially the biography of Shabkar,
lord of refuge, this was written by Lama Dzong-ngönpa Pema Mingyur Tukchok Dorje. May
it be virtuous! Sarva maṅgalaṃ.

| Translated by Adam Pearcey, 2018.
↑ https://www.lotsawahouse.org/words-of-the-buddha/confession-of-downfalls-nyingma